hello with you fire flame meme story
our epic episode series
numerals of the internet continues
events associated with the number 322 which
we will consider today actually
more than a year as not relevant but
since we have a story here we can easily
afford any fight
322 or as it is called solo 322
it became popular last year
eSports
who do not know to report to progress
gone far and now the world championships
spend not only football or hockey
but also submit 2 this championship in 2013
made noise by the fact that during her was
witnessed first officially
proven case of intentional draining
in eSports
we have removed virtual virtual
people always remain people with everyone
their human qualities
the point is to have a Russian player
Team rox.kis Alexey Berezin
nickname is about betting against your own
teams and won 322 dollars this
the situation got pretty loud
resonance
The story took place on June 14th last year.
at the end of season 6 tarot 2 when the team
rox.kis
played against a little known team
z speech that later fell apart
this fight in fact had no effect
on the standings for the finals in Kiev both
the teams didn't get anyway however
see rock regardless of the outcome of the meeting
left a place next season
im and taking advantage of this position
captain rox.kis
Alex put herring risen 100
dollars against your team when
the ratio of 3.20
favor to bake and resulting in won and
got those same three hundred twenty two
bucks
We will not go into details since
first they will only understand the avid
doters secondly I'm not being avid
I understand nothing to the doters myself but
we are important to say that the blind man came to light
very fast track game experienced
ukrainian commentator romance bones
Lepeshkin reproached rox.kis for
prohibitively bad
and besides many agreed with him yeshiva
solo where until the end of gaming what is this
garbage generally happens sola just
somewhere lost eggs solo is real yet
probably there is nothing train in the game
but immediately after the match
tournament organizer received a message
from the bookmaker company and game nbc
the regiment niggaz pointed to suspiciously
a large number of bets on outsiders then
there is a third and also caught the very
solo bet of $ 100 more
obviously it's just don't let
released game play
our solution is tobacco this to you at all
tournaments
it's that night and after an hour of fans
Russian team was waiting for a press release
Starladder Tevis disappointing results
disqualification team rox.kis from all
tournaments for the code and three years of ban for
each of the players the same amount was
suspended for life without a license
to appeal a decision we had
nikolic some difficulties with these
problems kind of salt spoon now we are tom
same team fans first tried
to justify his idol soon
most of them understood the evidence
provided irrefutable
and after a while the player himself
repentant admitted his guilt and asked
all forgiveness is the official version
oddly led to re
consideration of the verdict
in short it's honest actually considering
the fact that the splash helped us guys
something
we have three meters to ask for help a lot
once again I want to express by the way
thanks to all the papers
Thank you very much
and surprising fans a tough decision
was replaced by the minimum alexey
Berezin received for 1 year and the team even
allowed starseries to participate
next season without removing points
interesting fact leadership team
argued re-examination
body not sufficient evidence
but at the same time the replacement of punishment was
justified by remorse sulla and maybe
in fact solo made a single bet
and won much more simply
shared with the judges but this of course
only speculation
in fairness it is worth noting that
the bookmaker company and game and puts
also made a dubious deed
issuing ip address and other data Alexey
also his girls
and after all he used it
account in terms of money transfer
thanks to which both of them then attacked
hundreds of schoolchildren
and there is even an opinion that it is a bookmaker
the office thus decided to promote
themselves because somehow they themselves
earned a link to their website
attended every news
dedicated to this scandal
she seems to be the majority
fans forgave solo by voting for
his breakup after season 7
starserii
and at the end of last september alexey
back to professional god
what do we hope for solo and crew
rox.kis will no longer disappoint Russian
fans and show themselves at their best
the light
cheer for us we'll try well yet
still return to dota will
try to do motivated like that
play it all specialists by date two
I remind you of the comments
fill diary and collect portfolio
because it is not good to spoil the school year
his very beginning
and you still do not know where the most sold
cool t-shirts of course on all bikes
point of such a large number of ru
cool prints standard t-shirts and
sweatshirts nowhere else besides
using a simple constructor
you can make and your original
before
nasty tass loves
man it will be a wonderful gift
your second half
order and delivery are carried out in
as soon as possible plus get
discount 10 percent video and ordering promo
code vip 10 link in description to all
good mood and see you soon
and